shibata recaptured image files for 1day WS Lab06 (#16)
fujitake/vantiq-related: vantiq-operations/docs/eng/timestamp_ds.md

# timestamp_ds.yaml

> Tool to check if the time is synchronized between servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tool to check if the time is synchronized across servers.
```

## Related errors

> The authentication process between the vantiq server and the keycloak server may cause errors due to some causes (time synchronization service is not available) or circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication process between the vantiq server and the keycloak server may fail due to some causes (server clock is not synchronized) or other circumstances.
```
